The following are some of the questions related to MVLU college. These questions were asked by the students of the college. The question and the answers are enclosed in ```. The data is in csv format. Elaborate more on the answer make it grammatically correctly.

```
who is the coordinator of cultural committee,Manisha Ma'am from BAMMC department is the teacher coordinator of cultural committee
who is the coordinator of social media committee,Dhwani Ma'am from Biotechnology department is the teacher coordinator of social media committee
who is the coordinator of library committee,Pankti Ma'am is the teacher coordinator of Library committee
who is the head of cultural commitee,Aasiya Qureshi from IT department is the head and Pratham is the co-head from CS department
who is the head of social media committee,"Amaan Sayed and Subhashish Nabajja were the orignal commiittee members, they were the ones Who laid the 
0foundation of the Social Media committee of the entire college. They also ensure that the committee only appoints 
the indivisuals who are skillfull to avoid situations like ""5 secs Video Editor"". "
who is the head of library committee,Krutika Mali and Dhiraj Mishtra are head and co-head of the committee from CS department
who is the head of sports committee,Ayush Pardale is the head of sports committee
who is the president of vibes fest,The current and the best president till date is Mr. Mohammed Varaliya (2023)
when will be the upcoming alumni reunion,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
who is the HOD of Computer Science department,Mr. Dr. Mahendra Kanojia Sir is the Head of Computer Science Department
who is the HOD of IT department,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
who is the HOD of Biotechnology department,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
who is the HOD of BAMMC department,Manisha Sayani Ma'am is the Head of BAMMC Department
how can I participate in the ongoing research opportunities,Contact our beloved Dr. Mahendra Kanojia sir
what all are the companies coming for the inhouse placement,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
what is the library working hours,"Monday-Friday 9:00am to 3:00pm and 9:00am to 1:00pm on Saturday, Library is closed on Sunday."
,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Is using mobile phone in the library allowed,No. There is Rs.500 fine on using moblie phone in the library.
Is using moblie phone in the classroom allowed,No. There is Rs.500 fine on using moblie phone in the classroom.
When is the Code Execution Championship held,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
What is Code Execution Championship,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Which programming language is asked in the Code Execution Championship,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Is Code Execution Championship conducted online,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Will I get the participation certificate of Code Execution Championship,YES
Will I get the participation certificate of Vibes fest,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
What all games are available in vibes fest,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Is vibes an inter-collegiate fest,YES
how many stages are there in code execution championship,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
how many KTs are allowed to be promoted into second year,3
how many KTs are allowed to be promoted into third year,3
can I change the college after First year,no
can I change the college after second year,No
can I take admission in second year if I have one KT in first year,yes
can I take admission in third year if I have one KT in second year,yes
can I take admission in second year if I have two KTs in first year,yes
can I take admission in third year if I have two KTs in second year,yes
Are there any special programs or research opportunities ?,YES for futher details contact Dr. Mahendra Kanojia
What are some unique traditions or rituals on campus that students participate in?,"yes ther are several unique traditions or rituals in college, such as traditional day, retro day etc."
Do you have any annual events or festivals that are particularly unusual or fun?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
How can I check my application status?,you have to visit https://mvlucollege.in/ 
What's the average GPA and test scores for admitted students?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Is an interview required for admission?,No
Do you offer merit-based scholarships?,No
How do I register for classes?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
What are the general education requirements?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
How do I access my course schedule?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
What's the grading system like?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
How can I contact my academic advisor?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Are there research opportunities for undergraduates?,YES for futher details contact Dr. Mahendra Kanojia
Can I take online courses?,YES for futher details contact Dr. Mahendra Kanojia
Where can I find information about majors and programs?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
What campus facilities are available for students?,"canteen, Library, Sport Room"
Are there any dormitory events or activities?,No
How can I make an appointment with a counselor?,No
Do you offer disability support services?,Yes
Can you tell me about the career counseling services?,No
What do I do if I need tutoring?,no
Tell me about upcoming sports events.,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Are there concerts or theater performances?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Is there a student newspaper or media club?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
What's the calendar for student activities?,We do not have this.
Do you have any leadership development programs?,"Yes, but you wil be require to prove your worth"
How can I propose an event or activity?,You can pitch the event to Mr. Amaan Sayed.
How do I access e-books and digital resources?,You can access the e-books and digital resources through the N - List website.
What IT support services do you offer?,We do not provide any IT Support Services.
"How safe is the campus, and what's the security like?","We a strict no ragging policy, and we do not tolerate these activities."
How can I report a lost item on campus?,You can report to Kunal Sir for any lost and found items.
Are there facilities for student research?,Yes Rakesh will be there for you.
What meal plans are available?,You can visit the college canteen to know more about the meal plans.
Where and when can I eat on campus?,You can eat in the college canteen.
Tell me about dietary options for students with allergies.,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Are there options for vegan or vegetarian students?,"The college canteen is purely vegetarian, we do not have any vegan options."
How can I provide feedback on food quality?,You can directly talk to the canteen owner to provide your valuable feedback.
Do you have a mobile ordering system for meals?, No we do not have this facility.
Is there a food pantry for students in need?,No we do not have this facility.
How can I get help with my resume?,You can contact with you seniors and alumnis.
Are there internship opportunities for my major?,Yes the college conducts yearly campus placement drives.
Tell me about job search strategies.,Network with your seniors. Avoid commenting on LinkedIn post seeking for jobs.
What's the alumni network like?,Our alumni are reputed individuals who are very successful in their respective fields.
Do you offer mock interview sessions?,Yes these interviews are conducted by Amaan Sayed and Subhashish Nabajja.
How can I explore potential career paths?,"Career paths can vary for different individuals. Exploring the career paths can be done through participating in 
various co curircular activities. "
Where can I find information on co-op programs?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Can I schedule a career counseling appointment?,Yes you can schedule carrer counselling appointment through the college's official website.
What's the student code of conduct?,It is not possible to answer this question without prior knowledge.
Explain the campus alcohol and drug policies.,Alcohol and drugs are strictly prohibited inside the college institution.
How do parking regulations work?,We do not have parking for students. Park at your own risk
What is the process for filing a complaint?,The complaint can either register through the official email id of the college.
Tell me about the dress code on campus.,There is no specific dress code that is to followed within the college institution.
How do I reserve a study room in the library?,There is no such facility in our college.
Are there guidelines for using common areas?,The common areas are usually open during the usual college timings.
Explain the policy on academic integrity., 
```