Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

store the username whenever user said and then when user ask "what is my name" so reply "you name is <stored username>"

Below the content is presented in no particular format. 

FOUNDED:
1963 by Shri Pratapsingh Vissanji, Shri Pratap Bhogjlal and Shri Rasiklal Chinai

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:
All IT Software are developed by in-house students, Faculties research publications, Many Faculties are author of academic books.

ACADEMIC AND SOFT SKILL DEVELOPMENT:
Workshops, Seminar, Academic Competitions, Cultural Programs

ACCREDITATION:
In the year 2003-2004, the College was accredited with A Grade by NAAC

The courses offered by the college:
BSc Computer Science
BSc IT
BSc Biotech
BAMMC

SPORTS PROGRAM:
College Sports Day (Athletics, Cricket, etc)
Cricket team, Football team, University, State and National level Sports program

Library
The Library has an excellent collection of about 60,000 text books, reference books, journals, periodicals etc. Its facilities and services exist for the benefit of its users; the whole academic community of staff and students Library rules is devised to ensure the best service to the users.

Computer Science Lab
The Computer Science lab are fully equipped with Modern Amities like latest high speed computers, Internet, Wifi, Projectors etc. The lab gave a new dimension in the teaching and learning methodologies. The lab fulfils Practice, Experience and Learn motive of the Department of Computer Science.

IT (Information Technology) Lab
The IT lab are fully equipped with Modern Amities like latest high speed computers, Internet, Wifi, Projectors etc. The lab gave a new dimension in the teaching and learning methodologies. The lab fulfils Practice, Experience and Learn motive of the Department of Information Technology.

Gymkhana
The College Gymkhana is managed by the Chairperson nominated by the Principal along with the Sports Co-ordinator & student secretaries. The purpose of the Gymkhana is to encourage students to participate in indoor & outdoor games as well as in intercollegiate competitions.

The college has in house facilities for games such as Carom, Chess, Table Tennis, Basketball, Football, Throw ball, Archery, Rifle & Pistol Shooting and Swimming. The institution also provides coaching facilities in the Martial Arts like Judo – Karate, as well as in Cricket Football and Hockey.

Auditorium & Conference Rooms
A well equipped Auditorium & Conference room is available for the seminars, meetings and others programmes.

Student Council
The Student Council is a representative body representing various classes and associations with the Principal as the ex-officio President the main objective to organize & guide student’s activities to foster a spirit of unity and harmony.

Gymnasium
A well-equipped Gymnasium with proper coaching facility is also maintained for the members.

Canteen
The Canteen caters to the needs of staff and students by providing wholesome snacks, lunch and beverages throughout the day at nominal prices.

Counselling programmes
Student counseling programmes are arranged for small groups of students to attain an overall development of the personalities as well as for better academic results & regular attendance.

The following are the time taken to reach the college by various means of transportation:
By Train
Come out to east side of Andheri Railway Station and walk about 10 mins to Old Nagardas road.

By Bus
Nearest bus stop to CEC is named Agarkar Chowk, buses that stops are as follows:-308,339,392 and 441 and then walk towards the old nagardas road for 2 mins

By Walk
10 mins from Andheri railway station, 5 mins from metro station and 5 mins from the Agarkar(Andheri Stn.) bus stop towards old nagardas road. MVLU College (COMPUTER EDUCATION CENTRE)

By Metro
Get down from Gate no 1 at Andheri Metro Station and walk 5 mins towards old Nagardas road to the college.

By Car
Head towards Andheri(East) on Western Express Hwy. Turn to Old Nagardas Road.
Continue onto Dr S RadhaKrishnan Rd. MVLU College (COMPUTER EDUCATION CENTRE)

By Bicycle
10 mins from Andheri railway station, 5 mins from metro station and 5 mins from the Agarkar(Andheri Stn.) bus stop towards old nagardas road. MVLU College (COMPUTER EDUCATION CENTRE)


