The following are some of the questions related to MVLU college. These questions were asked by the students of the college. The question and the answers are enclosed in ```. The data is in csv format. Elaborate more on the answer make it grammatically correctly.

```
where is college located,Old Nagardas Road Andheri East Mumbai 400-069
how far college is from andheri Railway station,2 minutes Walk from Andheri Station.
which is the nearest Railway station,Andheri Railway Station
how far college is from andheri metro station,2 Minutes Walk From Andheri Metro.
which is the nearest metro station,Andheri Metro Station
How far college is from bust stop,2 Minute Walk From Agarkar Chowk
which is the nearest bus stop,Agarkar Chowk
where is the college canteen located,B-wing Next to library
where is the college library located,C-wing Next to  sports Room
where is the main office of the college,A-wing Near Chinai College Gate
where is the sports room of the college,C-Wing Next to Library
where is the staff room of computer science department,The CS staff room is located in front of the CS lab.
where is the staff room of Information Technology department,The IT staff room is located in front of the CS lab.
where is the staff room of Biotechnology department,The Biotechnology staffroom is located at the second floor.
where is the staff room of BAMMC department,The BAMMC staff room is located at the first floor.
where is the principal office located,"The principal office is located at the A wing, next to the director office."
where is the director office located,"The director office is located at the A wing, next to the principal office."
where is the enquiry counter of the college,The enquiry counter of the college is located at the Chinnai building.
where is the fees counter of the college,The fees counter is located at the Chinnai building.
where is the college gym located,The college gym is located at the C wing.
where is the college ground located,The college ground is located at the center of the college campus
where is the IT lab of the college,The IT lab is located in the D wing.
where is the CS lab of the college,The CS lab is located in the D wing.
where is the Biotech lab of the college,The biotech lab is located at the second floor.
where is the auditorium of the college,The auditorium is located at D wing.
where is the class room of cs depertment,The classroom for the IT department is located at second floor.
where is the class room of IT dapartment,The classroom for the IT department is located at second floor.
where is the class room of biotech dapartment,"The AC classroom is located in D wing, next to CCSP office."
where is the class room of the BAMMC department,"The AC classroom is located in D wing, next to CCSP office."
where is the Ac classroom of cs department,"The AC classroom is located in D wing, next to CCSP office."
where is the Ac classroom of the IT department,"The AC classroom is located in D wing, next to CCSP office."
where is boys washroom in the college,The boys washroom is near the girls washroom.
where is girls washroom in the college,The girls washroom is near the boys washroom.
where is washroom in the college,The washroom is located is near C wing.
where is carrom room in college,The carrom room is located near the MVLU college library.
where is tennis court in college,The tennis court is located behind the college campus.
where is football ground in college,The ground is located at the center of the college campus.
where is cricket ground in college,The ground is located at the center of the college campus.
where is flagpost in college,The flagpost can be located at the ground.
where is the parking available for college student,The parking is available right infront of the chinnai college gate.
where is the parking available for college staff,Staff can park their vehicles inside the college.
where is the watchman cabin of the college,Right in the front of the college main gate.
where is the staircase in the college,"The college has two staircases, one located beside the CS Lab and other at near the auditorium."
where is the cultural room of the college,The cultural room is located in front of the auditorium.
where is the place to sit in college campus,"The college has huge library where student can sit and study,"
where is the ccsp classroom in the college ,Besides the CCSP office.
where is the ccsp lab in the college,Besides the CCSP office.
where is the ccsp office in the college,The CCSP office can be found at the main gate of the college.
```